Make it more understandable (#5385)
github/docs: content/github/authenticating-to-github/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent.md

      $ touch ~/.ssh/config
      ```

>     * Open your `~/.ssh/config` file, then modify the file to contain the following lines. Replace the path and filename ` ~/.ssh/id_ed25519` below if you did not use the default path and filename for your `id_ed25519` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Open your `~/.ssh/config` file, then modify the file to contain the following lines. If your SSH key file has a different name or path than the example code, modify the filename or path to match your current setup. 
```

This change makes the step similar to the procedure in "[Adding a new SSH key to your GitHub account](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account)." Since not everyone will have to do this step, I think starting the sentence with "If your SSH key file has a different name or path" can help people know a bit more quickly if they need to do the step or not.
